Google Ad Template (#18)
rive-app/rive-use-cases: rive-google-ads/examples/rive-google-ads-parcel/README.md

# Rive Google App Ads Template

A lightweight template for building interactive [Rive](https://rive.app) animations into a **Google App Campaign ad**.

## Performance and Feature Limitations

Google App Ads are displayed inside a WebView in Android or iOS apps. WebViews aren't as powerful as modern browsers, and Google may limit permissions that are normally available elsewhere.

To ensure compatibility:

1. Follow Rive's [best practices guidelines](https://rive.app/docs/getting-started/best-practices)

> 2. Avoid blend modes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Avoid excessive blend modes
```

3. Avoid clipping masks that clip the artboard
4. Test your ad on a real device
5. Keep your total ad size (including .wasm, .js, .riv, and .html) under 1 MB

> 6. Google does not allow you to reference exteral assets or code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Google does not allow you to reference external assets or code. Everything should be included in the uploaded zip file to Google, and a root relative path should be used to reference assets.
```

## Getting Started

Clone the repo and install dependencies:

```sh
git clone git@github.com:rive-app/rive-use-cases.git
cd rive-use-cases/rive-google-ads/examples/rive-google-ads-parcel
npm install
```

## Preview your Ad in a Desktop Browser

```sh
npm run start
```

Then open http://localhost:1234/

## Preview your Ad in a Mobile Browser

Make sure your mobile device is on the same Wi-Fi network as your computer.

Find your local IP address:

```sh
ifconfig | grep 'inet ' | grep -v 127.0.0.1
```

Look for an address like 192.168.x.x or 10.x.x.x.

Then run:

```sh
npm run start
```

And open this URL in your mobile browser (replace with your IP):: http://192.168.x.x:1234

> ## Compile your Ad:

Reviewer: At this point if you did a `npm run start` then `build` it will still have the start files. So might be worth mentioning that they should clean first

Author: To avoid this step I added `rm -rf dist .parcel-cache &&` to the the start and build script. I removed the .parcel-cache each time too because otherwise swapping the .riv caused errors.
